[PoC] Migrate monorepo to npm workspaces with single root lockfile (#8179)
global-121/121-platform: tools/README.md

## Getting started

Install dependencies from the repository root with:

```shell
npm install
```

> Then run `npm run setup -w tools` when you need to copy `.env.example` to `.env`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then run `npm run setup -w tools` to create a baseline for ENV-variables, based on: `.env.example`.
```
